<iframe width="420" height="273" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/3yZq8P5tPhM" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<h3>Agenda</h3>
<ul>
    <li>-   Discuss our strategy for the upcoming consensus reports, including consensus policy, publication, dissemination, endorsement, and minority opinions </li>
</ul> 

<div  class="block blockgrey">
    <h3>Summary</h3>
    <p>
        After discussing the strategy for upcoming reports, we established that our consensus protocol is as it currently already works with two major changes to what we previously suggested. The first change is I) we won't ask for a vote of all of the members and we won't have any separation of who's a member or active or not and the second change is II) that we will distribute the consensus proposal within ITRUSST but also widely and actively look for detailed feedback - even on that proposal that the working group will continue to pick up and work on. 
    </p> 
</div>
<br><br>

<h3>Attendance report (non-exhaustive)</h3>
    <ul>
        <li>-   Alexander Bystritsky</li>
        <li>-   Andrew Thomas</li>
        <li>-   Anton Fomenko</li>
        <li>-   Apoutou N’Djin</li>
        <li>-   Axel Thielscher</li>
        <li>-   Benjamin Kop</li>
        <li>-   Bradley Treeby</li>
        <li>-   Camila Agostino </li>
        <li>-   Charles Caskey</li>
        <li>-   Cristina Pasquinelli</li>
        <li>-   Ellen Bubrick</li>
        <li>-   Elly Martin</li>
        <li>-   Elsa Fouragnan</li>
        <li>-   Ghazal Darmani</li>
        <li>-   Hartwig Siebner</li>
        <li>-   Hermes Kamimura</li>
        <li>-   Jean-Francois Aubry</li>
        <li>-   Jerome Sallet</li>
        <li>-   John Snell</li>
        <li>-   Jon Hacker</li>
        <li>-   Julian Kosciessa</li>
        <li>-   Keith Murphy</li>
        <li>-   Kim Butts Pauly</li>
        <li>-   Kyle Morrison</li>
        <li>-   Lennart Verhagen</li>
        <li>-   Marcus Kaiser</li>
        <li>-   Mark Schafer</li>
        <li>-   Markus Ulsberger</li>
        <li>-   Martin Monti</li>
        <li>-   Mikhail Shapiro</li>
        <li>-   Miriam Klein Flügge</li>
        <li>-   Noah Philip</li>
        <li>-   Peter Murphy</li>
        <li>-   Philipp Ziebell</li>
        <li>-   Robert Chen</li>
        <li>-   Robin Cleveland</li>
        <li>-   Samuel Pichardo</li>
        <li>-   Seung Schiki</li>
        <li>-   Seiki Konishi</li>
        <li>-   Solenn Walstra</li>
        <li>-   Steffen Tretbar</li>
        <li>-   Suzanne LeBiang</li>
        <li>-   Takahiro Osada</li>
        <li>-   Til Ole Bergmann</li>
        <li>-   Tom Rheineck</li>
        <li>-   Tulika Nandi</li>
        <li>-   Viola Rieke</li>
        <li>-   Xingao Cheng</li>      
        <li>-   Yasuo Terao</li>
        <li>-   Yeruham Shapiro</li>
        <li>-   Yoo Siti Yaakub</li>
        <li>-   Yoshikazu Ugawa</li>
        <li>-   Zhihai Qiu</li>
    </ul>
<h3>Meeting proceedings</h3>
<p>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> It’s been a while since we’ve met each other for a plenary meeting. We’ve had summer and many of us saw each other for FUN22. It’s good that we’re back because there were a few items to be discussing. For today’s plenary meeting, the main one topic is the strategy for consensus, recommendations guides, and reviews. I’ve discussed this with a few working group leaders over the past weeks and with working groups themselves, but now we would like to discuss it with the whole team. Thanks for the new people joining. I would like to do a very quick round if there were other items on the agenda and stuff people would like to discuss – no reply.<br><br>

                         In today’s meeting I wouldn’t mind discussing these four points. As a reminder on what we call consensus, a guide, or a review; this is not official terminology, but these are some things that we’ve discussed over the past years. Another reminder; we agreed upon the consensus protocol almost two years ago. Now the consensus protocol becomes relevant, we might be starting to produce true consensus and it might need an update. I’ll be reminding people what it was and requiring if we need to change it. We had some discussion on our publication strategy which I would like to discuss in this plenary meeting. As a first example, we very likely will be using a recommendation for biophysical safety that’s currently in preparation by the safety working group and we’ll be deciding on these steps. <br><br>

      <b>Kim Butts Pauly (chat):</b> Kindly reminder: FUN23 will be in Stanford on July 12th to 14. <br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> I’m just going to remind people of what is a consensus, a guide, or review. The consensus recommendation on biophysical safety is currently in the works. There’s a consensus recommendation on standardising reporting and there’s a practical guide which is a true guide. Why I’m highlighting the difference; a practical guide doesn’t need a majority vote of this what I trust but it’s a resource that is being provided to the community. For the biophysical safety, we’re giving recommendation, then it’s important that we’re saying; these are the recommendation I trust. So we would have a consensus voting for biophysical safety recommendation, but not for a practical guide. The third difference we had is in preparation, for example a retrospective biophysical safety or actually thermal analysis of published work. That’s more of a review or even a database of published protocols that doesn’t really need a vote of approval as it has already been published. I’m quickly checking in, are these distinctions clear to people? – no reply. New stuff that might be happening next year is neurophysiological safety; for example inclusion exclusion criteria, side effects, different brain region targets. And perhaps, we’ve been discussing measurement recommendations or equipment recommendations. I’m not entirely sure that would be a true consensus or more a guide. Am I missing anything that will be coming up soon in the next few months? – no reply. <br><br>

                         Let's remind everybody of the consensus protocol. This is what we agreed upon about a year ago and that we prepared the year before. We say consensus is needed for these recommendations or guidelines and it goes in two stages. We work on the proposal of working groups and then at the plenary meetings, we vote, and we would like to keep that separate. The definition of consensus here is that 50 of the voting members should put in their vote and a consensus is reached if more than 70 percent of them are yay voters. We had less than 10 veto against (if somebody objects from the working group). The voting was done by anonymous electronic votes. Afterwards we would publish both the majority opinion but we would also welcome minority opinions if they arise. One critical aspect is that we decided back then that only active members had voting right. An active member is somebody who is a members of one the working groups, the rational is we wanted ITRUSST to be open and inclusive for everybody to be an observer, even if you’re in starting but if you’re an active contributor to some of the working groups, you have a stake in gaming as you also have expertise. We would like the consensus to be expertise based, without excluding many other people that will have an interest in ITRUSST. Who is an active member and who can vote or not would be decided by the working group chairs because at the one hand we don’t want to have one lab dominating it with many PhD students who are also voting but we also don’t want to exclude unique contributions from postdocs. We said rather than having strict rules, all the working group chairs provide us a list with active membership. We’ve done that in the past, we’re maintaining a list of working group members. We just need to update it to make sure that it’s still relevant. One of the topics I would like to highlight here is by the definition there are not very many active members because they’re also the people in working groups. There are many more observing members and if we say that certain recommendations reflect the opinion of the field as a consensus, we might want to expand this and also to people who have expertise outside but are currently not in a working group.<br><br> 

                         My proposal: if we should also include a majority vote for all of the other ITRUSST members. It will be very difficult for our mailing lists to have a quorum for observers, namely ITRUSST membership is that you are enrolled into a mailing list and we don’t know whether you’re actively contributing, so we cannot impose a quorum. What we could be saying is, we’re asking everybody to vote and we’re keeping a track if you have an expertise vote as an active member or an observing vote. I would like to hear your opinion about this proposal. <br><br>

    <b>Samuel Pichardo:</b> Personal opinion is great, so who is going to be this ignited people we need to contact to committees. <br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> Yes, contacting committees and re-establishing who is indeed a member of the working group is relatively easy, but I’m wondering what we should be doing also with the voting rights and what we define as a consensus. <br><br>

    <b>Jean-Francois Aubry:</b> I have a question. You mentioned that we had the list of members. Is it publicly available? Do we have access to this list? Is it on the website?<br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> Yes, to be quick, this is the website (referring to old GitHub Pages website) that has the list of people, were they’re from and whether they are an observing member or whether they’re part of a working group, and the voting list. For the voting list, we have mapped out if they are from the same lab or not to see if they’re voting or not. That’s what we would like to provide to the working group chairs, this current voting list is still up to date, but I’m wondering if this voting system is still up to date. <br><br>

    <b>Jean-Francois Aubry:</b> I think there’s no reason to change this.<br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> Remember that there might be no reason and then we stay to the 70 50 quorum for active members. I’m wondering if that’s really the representation of the whole field. There are many more observing members that aren’t super active.<br><br>

    <b>Kim Butts Pauly:</b> I just want to clarify what the question is so as I understand what you said; every lab member who’s got somebody on a committee and active gets one vote which means that those people who are just observers don’t get a vote unless we change it somehow so that observers get a vote, right? Is that what the discussion is about like.<br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> Maybe let’s separate those out. First, the many lab members; there are certain labs where there are for example PhD students and postdocs who are also part of ITRUSST and we wanted to avoid that ITRUSST will be dominated by a few labs. We could argue that each independent lab gets by default only one vote, but on top of that there could be exceptions. For example, Tulika is a co-chair of working groups and contributing very actively with an independent expertise but you could also say that Tulika is in the same lab as Til Ole Bergmann. The last one is relatively easy, so that’s why we said we don’t want to hinder early career researchers by withdrawing them a vote if there is independent expertise and contribution. That’s why we had then suggested that the working group chairs are the ones who are determining contribution and expertise and we’re not making hard rules. We rely on working group chairs knowing their working group and we are actively supporting early career researchers to gain independence. We had a definition for consensus and that only considered active working group members, any observing member was not allowed to have any say in consensus. You could say these are only very few people who are having a say, this is a broadly shared consensus or is it a small expert group consensus?<br><br>

    <b>Reply:</b> Having just done this for the common data elements effort where we used smaller group of experts that sort of drafts and what gets proposed gets posted for public comment for about a month for public feedback and afterwards they can evaluate and rediscuss the feedback. That’s one way of giving a voice to also people that might have this expertise but are not directly. <br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> Thanks, so there will be exact timings we would have to consider but I really like the idea it’s actually some of the implementation even for the biophysical safety. We could send out the draft to all members of ITRUSST and ask for comments before its plenary presentation. So anybody can comment and give feedback on these during a given period but the voting itself could still be from active embers.<br><br>

    <b>Kim Butts Pauly:</b> Maybe one way to give a vote to observers is to say that labs who participate in this meeting regularly (needs to be defined) can also have a vote. <br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> Yes, that’s easy actually, we have a recording of the plenary meeting. That’s a way to get the observers to have a vote. Are there other views and opinions, because we are in a tricky situation that ITRUSST is not an official body and we have no way to determine our own voting capacities, so we don’t vote on the vote on the vote but I would like to know how we’re going to proceed here and whether there are any other further ideas on the definition of consensus. Jean-Francois, I’m going to ask you what would you consider a consensus for the biophysical safety?<br><br>

    <b>Jean-Francois Aubry:</b> I would consider a consensus when everyone realises that we’re using each of the groups we have several opinions. So first thing is to reach a consensus among all the members of the safety committee and this clearly takes actually a lot of time, especially when you know that there is no guideline currently for neural modulation, we’re still working on the consensus. A year ago I already gave an outline of the first draft of all safety recommendations, we had some discussion during the general meeting but to be honest I did not have direct feedback from people reaching out to us and asking to participate the safety committee because they believed that there was something missing in what I presented, so we continued working all on a consensus within the committee. The idea would be to send a Word document shared online once we finalise it within the safety committee for everyone to read and then maybe make some comments.  <br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> That sounds great indeed, maybe we could in little bit discuss in more detail how this will be implemented for the biophysical safety. The feedback I just gathered on this specific topic is that consultants (people we invite for their opinion) get votes and observers can provide feedback on the public proposal measured at a plenary meeting. When the proposal is shared, only active members can vote (either people from working groups or active in plenary meeting) to make sure we don’t miss out and in that way we don’t need to change our voting. Our job now is to make sure that our list online is being up to date and includes active members in working groups and plenary meetings. That’s my proposal from the feedback I’ve received from all of you. <br><br>

    <b>Yoshikazu Ugawa:</b> Actually we have experience to make a guideline for Tams, and we actually don’t vote. Some drugs may be written by only a few or several doctors, and that is shown to everybody and some comments of some change is needed and after that it gets finalised by that special group. In the case of physical safety, maybe the safety committee makes some final draft and that is sent to all members that maybe made some comments or small changed and if there are no questions, we consider that as accepted and that gets published. I think 50 over 70 is okay, maybe we cannot actually vote for physical things; I have no special knowledge about that but we believe the members make some reasonable papers, so no need to vote, just give all members a chance to comment, if nothing has happened, we can consider that as accepted. That may be the easiest way and that process is done on the TMS safety guideline. <br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> Thank you, I’m inviting other people to reflect our comment <br><br>

    <i>Reply from someone that asked for clarification. Professor Ugawa clarified the situation in TMS. This sounded very similar to what the common data element group has done before. An expert group makes a draft, they internally discuss it, and then it goes out for public comment, then it goes back to a small subset and based on the group’s expertise they decide on the final. </i>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> In fact, we would have everything in place to roll this out because we already have a safety working group where all of these discussions are taking place so we could publish a draft and request feedback. Then the safety group could continue working on it. At the same time, I would like to note that there is a possibility for minority opinions, that people aren’t acceptable if we actually ask for a vote, that also allows anonymous voting which makes things perhaps even a little bit more transparent ironically. But even more opportunities for people to comment on it, and we’re explicitly asking everybody to consider it rather than having by a consensus, for example waiting until nobody has any further comments. The idea of having a moment to vote really helps to strengthen the moment when things are finished and should also be moving forward otherwise we could continue to collect expertise for a long time and updates could be relatively slow. For example, the process that professor Ugawa is describing for TMS means that there’s an update on TMS safety guideline, something it takes more than 10 years before there’s an update.<br><br>

    <b>Hartwig Siebner:</b> I think about voting that if you know you cannot vote but still vote, voting is not very qualified. I think that’s what professor Ugawa was kind of intending so I think giving the possibility to have a minority opinion which might be a way to go, so that the expert group is publishing, putting it out to all observers and internally getting the feedback, and evaluate it. When it comes to safety in terms of medical devices, we need to cope with a two-way roll out integrating feedback and maybe actually clarifying non-consensus rather than voting. I would prefer that because on some safety issues you would not achieve a consensus of everybody, then the minority party needs to have a chance to say why there were not in favour. That might be way of forward which is a little bit orientated to what professor Ugawa said about the TMS procedure.<br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> I think that’s fantastic. Just a reminder, we will indeed invite minority opinions and the whole process described could be in place as we already have a safety working group that’s working on a draft. The experience from the TMS community is very valuable and I would like to invite other people out what they think about it, what that be convincing enough, are we transparent the way the safety group were constituted, how this go forward.  <br><br>For example, the safety group that professor Ugawa and Siebner were referring to was also strongly supported by the International Federation for Clinical Physiology, while ITRUSST is more of a bottom-up self-organised meeting. There isn’t an external endorsement from a federation. We’ve been talking in fact with several federations (ICC from the Focus Ultrasound Foundation and International Federation for Clinical Neurophysiology), so we would have that possibility to ask for endorsement of the safety group and continue as planned actually.<br><br>

    <b>Hartwig Siebner:</b> But these are two different issues. Just to clarify, I was not advoking for a meeting and doing it as the TMS group did with three days supported by a federation, I was just saying that some of the process that was there was actually quite helpful and could be repeated every second year<br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> Thanks Hartwig for the clarification.<br><br>

    <b>Suzanne LeBlang:</b> I’ve been working with another group called Bloodpac, and I’ve learned a lot from them in terms of process and procedures. Number one, they work with the FDA and do a pre-sub on their consensus guidelines because the FDA ends up using these consensus guidelines, so they want them to be good because they want to use them in the future. I don’t know if you guys were thinking of doing a pre-sub with them. The other thing is the Focused Ultrasound Foundation has been working with the AIUM and they are very interested in a regulated society in backing something like this or being involved. I don’t know if there’s anyone on the call already with AIUM but we’re having a meeting with them also because they do want to be integrally involved in setting guidelines such as this. <br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> Fantastic, thank you. Actually I’m not in contact with AIUM but this is something we could consider. There is an important decision in front of us, the process with the safety  working group would be very similar to professor Ogawa described or would people feel that an additional process of asking for a vote will be helpful or maybe even harmful. I’m inviting other people to comment on this.<br><br>

    <b>Samuel Pichardo:</b> I’m in favour of the second option as it makes things more transparent because people are able to suggest and others can see why given recommendations were taken or not.<br><br>

    <b>Sven Bestmann:</b> I think I’m not so sold to the idea of the boat, I think maybe we should trust ourselves a bit more. I think generally is that those groups do really good work and if that then is put out for review in a form I think then that would be a sort of mix between what maybe the TMS community has done. What we can do more efficiently regarding is the vote; if people say no, then one should ideally find out why and then we end up having that discussion anyway. So the vote doesn’t quite cut it unless there is unanimous consent. I feel a vote would give an impression but if there are no’s then we want to know why and improve thing based why those people voted no. I think the idea of re-reviewr update is also very good beause again in the TMS community that hasn’t happened for reasions. <br><br>

    <b>Ellen Burbrick:</b> I agree with what you just said. When I think about consensus papers, I don’t think of the possibility that like 30 percent of that group might have vote against it. Consensus to me is that almost everyone agreed and that the minority opinion is important, but that the experts came to this general agreement together based on their analysis. So if you’d vote and we say up to 30 percent might vote against, I’m not really sure if it’s a true consensus in terms of the meaning of consensus. I agree with Sven.<br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> Thank you all. Jean-Francois, how do you think about this now we’ve heard many opinions. <br><br>

    <b>Jean-Francois Aubry:</b>  I think we’ll see how it goes but it’s good to give it a shot and ask for a vote. I’m just concerned about one thing: I noticed we have currently at this general meeting 33 participants, so we might have people from different labs. How many people will vote at the end. I guess that it might be represented two to three persons, so it’s very few. That’s the only thing that bothers me, that maybe on or two individuals could completely block the consultants.<br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> Yeah we are expecting a few more votes than the people who are here currently, but I’m hearing very strong arguments to continue with the consensus process as it is currently, and ending it with a vote. Jean-Francois, you were saying that you would still prefer to have a vote right? -- reply: Yes.<br><br>

    <b>Hartwig Siebner:</b> How would that board practically work; how detailed? Is the vote per chapter, per word, per sentence? It’s a bit dramatised but therefore I think this commenting issue is much more democratic. I would like to have the voting system first clarified before talking about what to vote.<br><br>

    <b>Jean-Francois Aubry:</b> You made a very good comment. I personally would be more in favour of commenting to the committee rather than voting. We would consider any comments, it would help us anyway in our discussion. In a sense I know voting is great but the at the end how to arrange is complicated and we might completely block. I agree we do our best to come up with the consensus and we need to be aware that even within the group it took time, so I’m worried that if we ask each and every individual to vote; if a few of us might also even focus on one sentence then reaching a consensus might time consuming and not adding so much. But it’s true that commenting and providing feedback is very important for the committee to consider and then we would just have to somehow take our responsibilities and come up with the final text. <br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> Thank you Francois. I’m seeing here that we are slowly reaching a consensus. I would now like to propose that we scrap the voting process for a consensus and we stick with the process that is currently in place with dedicated working groups that are meeting regularly and will distribute and draft manuscripts to ITRUSST and maybe even publicly to ask for feedback that the working group will consider and take on board before submitting it to a journal. That’s my current proposal and unless anybody objects now.<br><br>

    <b>Jean-Francois Aubry:</b> I actually agree. People should not be afraid to give comments and provide ideas because that’s even more important than the voting. For the committees to be fully aware of all the criticisms or suggestions is very important. <br><br>

    <b>Martin Monti:</b> Two things: One is; the reason why a vote sounds appealing is because it forces everybody to weigh in. The real trick will be exactly what Jean-Francois said; the main motivation is to have a vote is to force everybody to weigh in. The second thing; we would have distributed a manuscript, it doesn’t need to be that late as opposed to a more concise. <br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> When you see the document you’re going to see that it’s very concise to comment on. It was my terminology to call it a manuscript because it’s the intention to be published in the future but I think it will meet your expectation here.<br><br>

    <b>Martin Monti:</b> Okay, thank you. <br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> My take-home message from these discussions is that our consensus protocol is as it currently already works with two major changes to what we previously suggested. The first change is I) we won't ask for a vote of all of the members and we won't have any separation of who's a member or active or not and the second change is II) that we will distribute the consensus proposal within ITRUSST but also widely and actively look for detailed feedback - even on that proposal that the working group will continue to pick up and work on. That's what I'm getting out.<br><br>
                         I would also like to highlight a few points that will be upcoming on publication for this as a reminder on authorship procedures. Contributing authors basically are determined within the working groups and those working groups could agree on a list of authorship and the rest is alphabetical. This is up to the people who are publishing this. There’s no ITRUSST general plenary rule. One exception here: we would recommend that ITRUSST is listed as an author in addition to the contributing authors, to highlight that this is coming from the ITRUSST working groups. For journal publication, we would say that’s up to the authors to decide but as ITRUSST we would recommend that you look for a journal that is widely recognised, that has a supporting organisation. For the biophysical safety, we’ve been considering the Journal of clinical neurophysiology similarly for the practical guide. We were wondering about endorsement from the International Federation of clinical physiology, maybe from the France Foundation or form IEEE. <br><br>
                         A slightly more tricky point is Brain Stimulation Journal, they opted for a co-publication where there is a single reference in clinical neurophysiology what will be the main site but it can be published in brain stimulation as well to have a wider distribution/outreach. What we would like to avoid is that there’s any confusion on which paper to actually cite or to have citations being distributed across multiple DOIs, so there should be a single point of citation as a single digital object identifier. <br><br>
                         I was talking about how to implement this for the biophysical safety consensus and part of this was what I originally wrote and part of it is changed. We were hoping that early November, we could send that what I refer to as a manuscript here but that’s a proposal to all ITRUSST members. Maybe now we should be sending it to also have it publicly available to request feedback and comments. I do feel that’s about the same time when working groups should be determining who is contributing to that effort. And that on November 17 the safety group will present the proposal and open up for feedback from the community. I’m wondering if this timeline is too optimistic?<br><br>

    <b>Jean-Francois Aubry:</b> Yeah it might be optimistic in terms of finalising the manuscript but maybe not in terms of presenting the highlights of the consensus that we could give an update of what I presented last year. It might trigger some discussion again as we were discussing how to get some feedback. I think the best way to get feedback is direct feedback from everyone from the plenary meetings. <br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> I’m checking upon the chat; Yes Robert Chen, I was referring to the journal of Clinical Neurophysiology because I was referring to the International Federation for clinical neurophysiology.<br><br>

    <b>Hartwig Sieber:</b> I personally think that brain stimulation has a much higher impact scientifically and it has actually also not confined to a specific group of physicians, namely clinical neophysiologists. I can say that because I’m a clinical neophysiologist, so I’m heavily involved in clinical new. But I think it is not the journal for us as it’s very much on methods to study patients with neurological disorders. I perceive brain stimulation as larger in terms of the community also the breadth of pre-clinical work. So I’m not sure whether I would concur that this is the optimal choice for consensus. I would say that ultrasound basically is not driven by that group by that why the TMS traditionally has been driven by, so I think there’s a little bit of political anchoring. Maybe there are even other protocols which are more on the method sites than other journals that only are focusing on methods. <br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> I’m hearing what you’re saying. Maybe we can invite you to consult on this within the safety working group at one point before we’re submitting, I think this decision has to be made carefully but we’ll make sure to incorporate that and as I said; in the end it’s up to the people who are publishing within the safety working group and not here. I’m proposing that we’re not deciding on a single home journal where everything should be published, but we’re finding the best journal for each intended article. <br><br>

    <b>Yoshikazu Ugawa:</b> Can I comment please? I agree with what Robert Chen said in the chat, this is clinical neurophysiology not general. Maybe the brain stimulation has more impact factor so maybe better to first try brain stimulation and collaborate with the two journals, if one rejected; maybe refer to another one. <br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> Thank you very much professor Ugawa, I’m going to wrap up and close up. I’m slightly less driven by the impact factors of the journal and I’m already convinced that these papers will have a big impact on the field regardless of where they’re published. Nonetheless, we’ll take this into consideration professor Ugawa. Siebner, maybe we can contact you once more from the safety working group to hear your consultation. I would like to thank everybody for your feedback including the expert feedback that has helped us and formulate this strategy. We will continue to discuss in a proposal in the working group, we’ll present it in a plenary meeting and ask for feedback. We’ll also invite minority opinions if they arise. We’ll submit to a journal, we’ll also publish it online, and also publish minority opinions. That was my summary of these four points. I thank you for attending. <br><br>

</p>

<h4>END OF MEETING</h4>
