<iframe width="420" height="273" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/-G2OcgzeOXc" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<h3>Agenda</h3>
<ul>
    <li>-    Update FUN22</li>
</ul> 

<div  class="block blockgrey">
    <h3>Summary</h3>
    <p>
        Til shared updates on what has happened so far regarding FUN22 conference. The local organising committee has been working on the conference website, Brainbox sponsorship, venue, dinner venues and setting up hybrid zoom. Also, the scientific committee responsible for the scientific programme has been formed, soon they will meet to discuss presentation formats, invitations and other issues. The next steps are inviting speakers, finding sponsors, the call for abstracts in early April and then the deadline for abstract submission in early June. In June, the abstracts will be reviewed and selected and feedback on abstract acceptance will be given in July. The discussion point Til raised concerned the virtual gathertown satellite poster event. A suggestion was made to instead the gathertown approach use a different format that the posters are uploaded and create an infrastructure so that remote attendees can comment and ask questions to have as many interactions during the few days itself. There was also a brainstorm on living documentation for the documents of the working groups, here possible platforms have to be explored. Lastly, there is an open call for controversial discussion topics so that these can be included as interactive parts in the conference streaming.
    </p> 
</div>
<br><br>

<h3>Attendance report (non-exhaustive)</h3>
    <ul>
        <li>-   Lennart Verhagen</li>
        <li>-   Markus Ulsberger</li>
        <li>-   Samuel Pichardo</li>
        <li>-   Takahiro Osada</li>
        <li>-   Til Ole Bergmann</li>
        <li>-   Tulika Nandi</li>
    </ul>

<h3>Meeting proceedings</h3>
<p>
    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> Thanks for joining us. This is plenary ITRUSST meeting and on today's schedule we have an update from the planning of FUN 22 in September. We've had a few notices of people who couldn't make it from the US or Canada because indeed we're now one hour shifted. Til, I've asked you if you wouldn't mind giving a quick update on FUN22, so maybe for us that's the only thing on the agenda. I'm quickly checking if we have anything else to discuss <br><br>

    <b>Til Ole Bergmann::</b> Just one suggestion maybe; I think we could discuss in a future meeting about the true phantom. Kim was also interested and but also had some concerns. Maybe invite a representative of that company to discuss what kind of phantoms they can build even customized for our needs to have a calibrated MR CT and ultrasound-compatible phantom head and brain. <br><br>
                             
    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> I'm actually very thankful that you say so and here are others who've noted this as well. We do have been looking at the true phantom and Jean-Francois Aubry knows the CPO and they already have been in discussion with what needs to be part of a phantom for all of our transcranial ultrasound needs. We were now tentatively scheduling this I believe for the June meeting and some were wondering if this should not be moved earlier. Similarly, Kim has asked around in this meeting if there should be a phantom working group but there's a few people who have an interest or expertise and they've been exchanging emails on that topic but it's very closely aligned with the efforts of the both safety and modeling. So they're actually the same people and that's why there's no separate working group arising. <br><br>
                             We might even move the safety updates away so we have a phantom schedule. Anyhow it's work in progress, I don't know exactly what will be coming out here<br><br>
    
    <b>Til Ole Bergmann:</b> It's basically just an update to the conference pitch I gave last time. Since we proposed to do this meeting in Mainz, we formed a local organizing committee which is basically my lab that likes to do the groundwork and I'm very grateful to everyone pitching in there.<br><br>
                             We made a conference website with the domain fun22.org and so far is at least set up and a lot of placeholders. Here we post all the upcoming information and whether the registration is going to happen and so forth. <br><br>
                             Our discussions with BrainBox is still ongoing but it's safe to say that they will help us with the administrative part of the organization of the conferences and to make the zoom hybrid meeting a success  as in-kind contribution part of a sponsoring agreement. We keep this very transparent.<br><br>
                             Additionally, we have the venue and dinner locations, we tested the hybrid zoom setup uh and it works (it's not as complicated as I was afraid of. We have to test it with a hardware on site but I'm pretty confident that we would be able to stream talks and discussions in both directions so that also remote speakers or remote attendees will be able to actively participate in discussions.<br><br>
                             We also formed a scientific committee which will be responsible for the scientific program and will be less bothered with the security details of the administrative groundwork. I haven't heard back from Charles yet but otherwise that's confirmed and we've met already yesterday actually for the first time and we'll discuss presentation formats. And I started discussing invited speakers and so forth, so it's ongoing.<br><br>
                             We now try to keep fast pace and meet again next week because we have a tight time schedule even though it's September, but for the summer break in between and we need time for a call for abstracts and abstract evaluations and everything.<br><br>
                             The next steps and discussion points are the time plan. Around the beginning of April, we are going to invite speakers, secure the sponsors, and call for abstracts. This is pretty soon so that there's enough time until beginning of June, when we to select abstract contributions for posters for oral sessions. By the beginning of July, we will provide feedback so that people can actually plan their travel before going to the summer holiday. <br><br>
                             The discussion points are something that I would like to get some opinion on now. The big question is should we have in addition a virtual gather together town satellite poster event. At the moment we are able to have in hybrid form the talks and discussions, we'll have posters on site. We have decided not to mix it during the conference because this would have some of the native impact on the experience on site and it's also technically very difficult. Our idea was to give the remote attendees a chance to present their work and the on site attendance a chance to see that work and vice versa and interact between all participants. An online fully virtual event at a different time would be a possibility -- maybe at two different time slots (US & Asia) or maybe even open for 24/48 hours. The gather tone framework worked out pretty well for FUN21 but of course it is an additional extra effort.<br><br>
                             We should be announcing the industry exhibition again also virtually. It's also actually effort for everyone who participates to have both and the question would be when so if we want to do that then; when to do it? (Brainbox before; after conference Vancouver). So it should be a time point when everyone is at home or in the office and has the equipment and is able to join. <br><br>
                             Another discussion point: I want to ask for submissions for maybe controversial topics that we could dedicate plenary discussions to. <br><br>
    <b>Samuel Pichardo:</b> I wonder if instead to try to get a gathertown approach is to use a different format that the posters are uploaded and you create an infrastructure they can put comments questions. You can make most people answer actually; so you make an open question, some people answer so that you need to have people dedicated to being gathered town in a certain amount of time. <br><br>

    <b>Til Ole Bergmann:</b> Thank you, so that's an interesting alternative scenario and that one's not going for the actual live interaction between attendees which is always difficult due to the types of differences, that cannot be overcome. Then all the process would be available throughout the conference and maybe time before and after with also the idea to have um every poster presenter whether on site or not submit a one minute poster page zoom recording. <br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> I'm absolutely loving this idea but my recommendation is not to try for this whole virtual experience where you get everybody back at the same time. There will be very high attrition to people who just can’t simply make it and then it will be a little bit disappointing and then you're really missing out on the vibe of all being there together. So I’d prefer that we do everything we can to have as much interactions during the few days itself. And Sam, I think these are fantastic ideas; I was even wondering is there enough time or slots for pecha kucha three minutes presentation by all the posters -- or maybe even a one-minute poster pitch. It would allow early career researchers who cannot visit that they actually presented at the conference which can be really helpful their engagement and it would allow them to stream it to everybody who is present and then we link it back to the website where the pdfs are and where maybe even the pre-recorded video you just said is linked and a commenting box.<br><br>

    <b>Til Ole Bergmann:</b> It actually sounds like a pretty good possibility; it would also take a lot of pressure of that with organizing. I’m going to discuss this also in the next scientific organizing community meeting but I like this idea very much actually. <br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> Maybe we can include a zoom link and one can even facilitate like zoom discussion rooms for poster presentations if people want to discuss. <br><br>

    <b>Til Ole Bergman:</b> But then during the conference we'll have people zooming and 100 people on site.<br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> I think again that's where it's going to be terribly difficult to do this, but then what I do feel will be important even if it's not a live zoom where you allow people to link up and this is such an important feature for especially lots of newcomers where they can connect with many other people. If there's an easy way where you can link up and ask follow-up questions that would be a very worthwhile feature and again make the whole community get more open.<br><br>

    <b>Til Ole Bergmann:</b> We have been discussing for in the practice working group different formats for publishing eventually the practical guide right and we wanted to on one side be a cyber publication that also makes visibility for interest; on the other side we want it to be a living document that can be updated and changed and where people can contribute and so forth. So the idea was to have something like either a kind of wiki that even allows multimedia for content. If we would come up with something like ITRUSST forum, this could even be used for presentation discussion.<br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> I would be very interested in fact we already started some of this and I was just looking for somebody who could work on that. It's a little bit of work to get that all set up. We were thinking about having that as a living document same for the reporting for the safety groups and for example use zenodo for the digital object identifiers and publish these updates as led to editors in reviews. Especially when we go to consensus, then it's more relevant that these are full publications with everything included. But it is ambitious and requires lots of back-end work.<br><br>

    <b>Til Ole Bergmann:</b>  Is it realistic to use some kind of form that yet has to be established already for the FUN22 conference for the discussions? Or would we need to find something temporary for that and maybe in the future it could be on the same platform as the ITRUSST publications and discussions?<br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> But then they're also really relying on volunteer efforts where they're actually usually a few people who invest like half of their research time to to keep it alive. There's nothing wrong with email lists but it is an effort. Let's really not try to reinvent the wheel but also maybe to bring the discussion back. Til, you have an open call for discussion topics because you're proposing that there are plenary discussions on certain topics or that there are panel discussions?  Can we email you a list of discussion topics?<br><br>

    <b>Til Ole Bergmann:</b> Yes email me and then I would just make a selection right. Some of them could be really controversial and then I could even envision like two opponents. I'd like to include these interactive parts so that the conference streaming is not just like digesting talks.<br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> That sounds fantastic. Were there questions or suggestions comments for the FUN22 Conference<br><br>

    <b>Comment:</b> I know that in the last international brainstorming elimination conference they use the elsevier app and that really played into the part where you're mentioning connecting between attendees being able to talk with each other without necessarily giving contact information. We were still able to message different people and then connect from there and if something really worked there then you share your contact information. <br><br>

    <b>Til Ole Bergmann:</b> Ultrasound is becoming more popular, so maybe they're just happy to share.<br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> The FUS Foundation has done this in the past as well so there are a few of these platforms but I’m not aware what the fees will be. John’s suggestions definitely something to follow up on. At least to check what is available or what we could offer because it's probably a lot more costly if you need to devise something from the ground up in terms of working hours getting this definitely more costly<br><br>

    <b>Markus Ullsperger:</b> I think I wanted to suggest that we keep in touch like the two of us because we have the same problems with sbr now that the decision has been made that we go fully hybrid we then started discussing what we do with the posters for example and they were with remote posters. We decided we will have two sessions so very similar; an on-site session and we wanted to offer people to send their posters and we would print them out and hang them into the poster room. Even though they are not present but then we will have an additional time slot when there will be like a virtual poster meeting which we have no clue what platform.<br><br>

    <b>Til Ole Bergmann:</b> Happy to stay in touch and share ideas and experience.<br><br>

    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> Shall we round up?  I think we have scheduled next month a report from the safety group. It's very likely that we'll be talking about derating and then the practice group was scheduled and then there was both the reporting the phantoms and modeling requesting slots to the plenary meeting. Just as a highlight from next month on onwards; it will be at 2 p.m. at the universal time. That’s about it. Thanks so much. <br><br>

</p>

<h4>END OF MEETING</h4>
